c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\ErrorWindowSample.exe.config
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\ErrorWindowSample_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\ErrorWindowSample_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\ErrorWindowSample.exe
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\ErrorWindowSample.pdb
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\DemoUserControl.g.cs
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\DemoUserControl.baml
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\ErrorWindowSample.g.resources
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\ErrorWindowSample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\ErrorWindowSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\ErrorWindowSample.exe
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\ErrorWindowSample.pdb
c:\users\mvallone\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ErrorWindowSample\obj\Debug\ErrorWindowSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
